Update Fileshare-to-ODSP-migration-guide.md (#2179)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/Fileshare-to-ODSP-migration-guide.md

- Let them know whether individuals can opt out of the migration process.

### Onboarding related resources

> - [Microsoft 365 adoption guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/customlearning/champ_o365guide): Outlining methodology and resources for implementing proven adoption success factors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft 365 end user adoption guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/customlearning/champ_o365guide): Outlining methodology and resources for implementing proven adoption success factors
```

Reviewer: Please remove the locale from the link.
